alright ladies and gentlemen welcome
back to another Nova war says we've got
a very special one a 250 dollar donator
abdominal a big fan of like TV been
watching for years and it's been a dream
of his to play against us in a game of
Starcraft while he's gonna get us both
at the same time yes Adam is going to go
ahead and use the mouse yes I am gonna
go ahead and use the keyboard yes I have
to get used to your click on the nexus
my friend so you want to go up and let
me hotkey that they're good we're gonna
go over here we're gonna build a pylon
here
yeah I'm gonna get back to work get back
to twerk now with the new stuff that we
are we do we just are we going straight
for a gateway yeah gasps gasps gasps
okay oh sorry you just need to click on
a probe I'm gonna I'll get on the thing
and then you just do the click you don't
even you click on Nexus I have a hot key
so I'll automatically take over oh he's
in trouble
doodoo butter oh we're gonna do that
pile on here momentarily
yeah well put 3 on gas 3 on gas 2nd
pylon by ramp by ramp back some so that
I can actually wall like that there you
go let's go
Tom left yep okay sorry I thought you
were trying she's coming he's coming
into her base right now so he's Protoss
that drop another gasps gate wait click
on that so I can hockey it yeah perfect
he's not gassing yeah
Oh cell at court another probe actually
if you want it can actually there I'm
gonna hotkey this probe okay so that I
can generate over here bounce back to
back to it when I want to actually if
you want to go and click on our Scout
probe yeah we can click on him I'll
hockey him he's got two gates does he
have to gasps I know I know okay go back
we need to get that's his probe or
zealot yeah we need you to go in the
gasps there you go good yeah we're gonna
put a pylon in behind or yep yep back
there yep or gate perfect no expansion
by play macro game you've got a rally
point going to his base yeah there we go
we've got random straggler of probes
that's fine
it's just those are stalkers back to
base yeah okay what can we do here we're
in trouble
we are in trouble gateway gateway blow
you know what yeah a mother mothership
core mothership core there we go we know
it didn't build Adam there we go
mothership core okay all right click on
a probe yeah yeah yeah what got you
there we go hey just there that doesn't
filled that that's fine this guy is
really rushing right now yep attack yep
there you go cool cool cool perfect you
want to click on the one as low health
low health goodness mothership core grab
that you moved before I could do it yes
my mothership core he's gonna follow
attack mothership core on that guy
unbelievable
all right there we go take a few probes
pull them and and just right click on
that on that guy cuz you have another
guy coming over charge click on the
panel
there you go back those probes up ok yep
another stalker by rant perfect I need
factory our Robo and I build immortal
same thing our stalkers probes need to
pull them not all not all Propst just
that yeah it's good aim fine
he's gonna kill that we're gonna build
an NGO no you moved into the stalker
you're right you had you right clicked
on our stalker I'm not the one control
no Holy Mother
I'm trailer I'm trying to guess when
you're when you're using shortcuts and
what I'm supposed to be just using
right-click versus left-click there's
another one all right needs to go that
good good click on Robo and another
immortal great great this is good we
need a pylon by our natural casing
attacks when you start building my pros
juice will do that that was it was a
good defense you put on some pressure
early in it you know okay we've got
straggler probes actually you just want
to click on that little probe icon down
here yeah and then right click on a
mineral patch gateway I'll turn into a
warp gate there we go all right cool
well we're good was gasser no no we just
keep building probes rally point that on
a probe line that's great I'm gonna
guess build another
[Music]
all right so now we got to figure out
what we want to do long-term okay it
looks like it's gonna tack you highlight
I'll get that there okay let's go ahead
and getting blink is kind of useless
let's drop at Twilight and then yeah so
build Twilight cool we're gonna need
some more gateways so I'm just gonna
shift click it okay so mm-hmm
that's all good we're doing we're doing
well we're doing well we got a huge
amount of gas we change the rally let's
get in opps as well we can actually see
what he's doing
yeah we're already building one
oh I've already hotkey did alright we're
good we're just gonna get some more
pylons and wanna spread them around this
shift-click on the mineral line Twilight
and then get charged beautiful look at
this take that ops we're gonna go what
is going yep we're getting here yep
perfect good enough all right good good
warp gates we want to go ahead and
beautiful good we're gonna put chrono
boost on our upgrade perfect he's
attacking he's attacking he's attacking
over Turk over Church hey just wreck
their mineral line that's it click on
that Nexus again no diff just build
probes like crazy pylon in the back of
that cool alright does he got up here
let's see what what does he go I can't
okay a move we can a move
grab those yep boom that's it that's it
we'll just focus on keep building units
warp gate let's just warp in some
stalkers or zealots please yep beautiful
have to a few minutes eautiful those
ones can go there alright we're good
you want to make sure these two just
don't run in by themselves just do
damage we're never gonna get away hey go
back to base
alright natural natural so I can warp in
stalkers
we're gonna need a lot of units we need
more gates bad and this is really really
tough
there's probes mineral line why they're
getting we need more gates they oh
that's more because you draw a pretty
picture okay looks like here is yeah
that's fine we need more pylons up to
the front and make sure if he does
attack us we need these over charges off
or we're dead yeah we just can't miss
them all right let's go ahead and stop
her it up stalker let's go ahead and
grab a ninja take a probe those operate
we need our mothership core on our base
was move
none yet because he's out of the way
we're good we're good
stalkers a bit like like 20 to replace
that that pylon too
it's fine need a warp you need warp as
many as we can
there we go good top right put a pylon
on the side first another pile on down
below we'll just wait a few minutes we
still need their minerals okay so let's
go ahead and grab grab it one gas here
at natural mm-hm and we're just gonna
get more softest there is big carriers
or double-click on
it's fine that's fine just we can't get
fancy because we can't we just need to a
move that that's it
we just need to just out because if we
try and micro the two of us it's not
gonna work you know we got half our
stalkers in our base we got our
mothership core not here decision-making
Adam let's go come on god you keep using
attack click so if I go to a select
another unit then I end up
attacking our own units again I can't
just relax relax relax well then
don't be like Adam I need to overcharge
you want to
there there the solo attack one of those
guys it's always easy
there we go keep going keep going
it's fine that's fine intriguing you
require my skills all right our probes
are wrecked so we need to keep building
more probes
yeah we're just our economy is destroyed
we just need it when he when he attacks
we need our mothership core to be there
the overture I know I'm just trying to
work around the automatic a click
because I'm it's it's been just
difficult to just we go somewhere and do
something can you click on that Nexus so
I can honkey that one too there we go
all right we're gonna have to get that
expansion up top right going just in
case he does attack again
my mothership core don't overcharge it
yet just wait for him let's bring our
units in just a little bit
mortals he's got a lot of stalkers you
on stalker heavy so as long as we get
immortals let's go top right sorry the
the probe that's top right let me drop
down a shrine let me drop down DT that's
problematic over church
Italy I want to talk
not much we doing ah
Gigi no it is tough it is tough Gigi got
carriers on one side GG well played GG
yep way too much there is no way GG well
played good game that's tough it's hard
to overcome muscle memory because you
want to constantly be moving around and
so as soon as I'm in the middle and it's
like my brain is like trying to do three
different things and then you're the one
that's doing the mouse and so it's
confusing for you and you doesn't I
can't keep up with yeah that was fun
though that was fun I'd like to do
something like that again if then if
anybody has got got the Bulls we need
more practice we need more practice
together ah alright well there is that
ladies and gentlemen if you guys want
your chance to get cast here nova war
says or a just regular replay when
cheese fails whatever the case may be
this is going to be the only time and
light TV history where you can pay yes
way yes we're to be casted for for the
charities for charity for charity so a
big shout out and thank you again to
abdominal for a very generous $250
donation if you guys on youtube want to
show love you can do that at any point
even though that this is going live we
will be doing this again in october so
if you do donate we will get your stuff
done on our next event and if there's
way too much love we will still promise
to get yours done even after the charity
event so we will continue we will just
continue where we left off and get you
up so thank you so much once again it is
for world vision helping kids out there
with food health care education clean
water shelter all the things that we
have here in our first world countries
dope yeah we've got it all everybody got
it all so thanks again and we will see
you guys on the next cast peace